`azurerm_monitor_log_profile` - mark as deprecated (#23146)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/monitor_log_profile.html.markdown

Use this data source to access the properties of a Log Profile.

> -> **NOTE:** Azure Log profiles will be retired on 30th September 2026, for more details, please see the [doc](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/activity-log?tabs=powershell#legacy-collection-methods).

Reviewer: We should mark this as a red block:

```suggestion
!> **NOTE:** Azure Log Profiles will be retired on 30th September 2026 and will be removed in v4.0 of the AzureRM Provider. More information on the deprecation can be found [in the Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/activity-log?tabs=powershell#legacy-collection-methods).
```
